Castle Rock Entertainment and Stephen
King invite you to visit Castle Rock
Maine a quiet little town whose
population has just increased by one do
you believe in the devil father I guess
I have to I can't have one without the
other she look like what the hell does
he look like may I take this opportunity
to welcome you to Castle Rock on the
good Lord span why not so where are you
from bottle I've been in this business a
long time and I've learned the pleasure
of offering my customers what they
really need he came here to destroy us
oh you wish within two murders and an
attempted suicide in his quiet little
town Oh mr. Leland gone is at the bottom
of it you are disgusting
I like that in a person everybody that's
got it coming is gonna get it now
the carpenter from Nazareth I know him
well
promising young man
when he died battling a famine here a
flood there a little blood less the
broken heart you can't win I've got God
on my side
having fun now
how is it going to kill my woman is that
wrong hey these things happen